but again you vote on your show it's
just there's just a very very pleasant
environment just in general from
beginning to end as a guest I feel it I
think the audience feels it I feel I
feel like it is what first of all I love
doing that I love making people happy
and making people feel good but it is
Who I am
you know innately just like it is you
know with you I mean you're a nice guy
you're a you're and you can you can
genuinely feel that yeah yeah I mean
we're yeah weird you know like equally
nice I would say yeah I mean well I
think we know who's nicer but anyway the
point is the point is we're both nice
and that's the point
oh we're there's not I mean there are
different levels of nice but I think our
level we share a level of nice we share
a level and then there's one beyond but
it doesn't matter now see I think just
just saying that alone it proves that
I'm well if you want proof oh you're
gonna go there do you want proof no no
we not to go there alright let's go to
proof no we don't have to go we proved
it earlier today it was a surprise to me
and I thought okay if you're gonna
ambush me like this
we're gonna show the tape alright well
let's show the tape then and let people
decide let the people decide
he said to is what true
Ellen is she here I don't know let's
check
there she is
excuse me mr. generous hi I just want to
say I'm a really big fan of the show
well thank you very much I'm a fan of
you you ever want to come did I'll give
you a card
yeah then you can call me and if you
want to call the office for my home
numbers on there as well and I'll set
you up - thank you sure let's hug okay
Wow Ellen DeGeneres is very nice what's
that supposed to mean I'm nice man she's
very nice
are you hungry yeah I have a tofu tqt in
here with your name on it what's your
name
oh I'm Brandon it says Brandon right
there don't say Brandi gosh I wish I
worked for you Ellen
ah can you believe that yamo hey Ellen
DeGeneres do you have any more of those
tofutti cuties yeah one just for you Big
D oh thank you a rush
yeah I'm parking lot are you sure I do
have a parking lot yes and you have a
security guard not one as handsome as
you put the tofu tqt down hey put it
down
hi how are you right how are you you can
eat it go ahead
proud of yourself well it's not that I'm
proud of my so I was just trying to be
nice you know I'm nice too I'm just as
nice as you are you just don't know
about it because I don't ever do any
nice things you are nice I know I'm
nicer a lot nice okay you're nicer you
don't believe me do you I mean I I guess
there's only one way to settle this
oh my god
okay are you ready cuz I have to get to
an animal shelter I'm volunteering
tonight I don't wanna be late oh yeah
I'm actually volunteering at a homeless
shelter tonight I'm helping them Scheldt
so yeah no let's let's do this I can't
believe how much weight you've lost I
really didn't think was possible for you
to be any more handsome than you already
were but I guess I was wrong
you know you really knocked it out of
the park and Finding Nemo
you cannot compare a cartoon to what you
do every single night I love your show I
can't get enough of it I wish it was on
more
how about American Idol you were great
on that your skin is so smooth and soft
it looks like it would be like of a
newborn dolphin or something
your eyes are so blue when I look into
them through my normal yucky brownish
eyes it's like really start looking at
the two circles of heaven and I love
that scarf
somebody get me some water oh oh please
get mr. generous some water immediately
this is for Jimmy I just so worried
about you of getting dehydrated I worry
about you so much sometimes
that's why it